Country = Germany

Budget(per month) = $3480

Best time to visit = May

									ABOUT GERMANY :

 Germany is the eighth most visited country in the world. Germany is a Western European country with a 
 landscape of forests, rivers, mountain ranges and North Sea beaches. It has over 2 millennia of history. 

									TOP 5 PLACES :

1- BERLINS BRANDENBURG GATE :
 
 Modeled on the Acropolis in Athens and built for King Frederick William II in 1791, the monumental sandstone Brandenburg Gate 
 in Berlin Mitte district was the city first Neoclassical structure. Measuring an impressive 26 meters in height including 
 the Quadriga, the spectacular four-horse chariot carrying the goddess of victory perched atop its six huge columns on each side 
 of the structure form five impressive passages, while the center was reserved for the royal carriages. Huge Doric columns 
 also decorate the two buildings at each side of the Gate, once used by toll-collectors and guards.

2- KONIGSSEE (KINGS LAKE) :
 
 The lovely Bavarian lake of Konigssee is one of the great beauty spots of the region of Germany referred to as Berchtesgadener Land. 
 Also known as the King's Lake, this area near Salzburg is a hiking paradise thanks to its vast network of trails. One of the most
 popular things to do is follow the attractive footpath located along the east side of the Konigssee to the Malerwinkel, or Painters
 Corner, notable for its superb views over the lake and the surrounding mountains.

3- VOLKERSCHLAChHTDENKMAL IN LEIPZIG :
 
 Leipzig is a major city in Saxony, and it is also home to one of the largest monument in Europe. The Volkerschlachtdenkmal, or Monument 
 of the Battle of the Nations, was built to remember the Battle of Leipzig in the Napoleonic Wars. During the battle, more than 100,000 
 soldiers perished. Although the battle took place in 1813, the monument was not unveiled until 1913. Today, the monument is accompanied 
 by a museum exhibit explaining more about the battle and the Napoleonic wars of the 19th century.

4- SCHWERIN CASTLE :
 
 Schwerin Castle in the city of Schwerin is one of the most significant attractions in the state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern. 
 The castle is situated on an island in the middle of the Schweriner See, adding to its unusual appeal. Built in the 14th century, 
 Schwerin Castle is now a seat of government, and it is open for guided and self-guided tours. The castle is said to be haunted by 
 the ghost of a creature called Petermannchen, and these legends bring in a number of curious visitors each year.

5- ZUGSPITZE : 

 The highest mountain is Germany is the Zugspitze, located above the town of Garmisch. Although the peak is a world-renowned spot for 
 serious skiers, a trip to the top is worthwhile whatever the season. From a lake at the base of the mountain, hop aboard the Zahnradbahn, 
 a cogwheel train that heads partway up the mountain. Then, it is onward on the cable car called the Eibsee Seilbahn. At the summit, it is 
 possible to view the landscape of four countries at once.


									OTHER ATTRACTIONS :

1- MINIATUR WONDERLAND.

2- THE RHINE VALLEY.

3- THE BERLIN WALL.

4- THE BLACK FOREST.

5- ROTHENBURG OB DER TAUBER.


							   INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES TO REACH GERMANY :

1- CONDOR.

      COMFORT : This airline took pride in their ability to give you an A= experience.
        
       ROUTES : This airline only cover one specific route.

 ONBOARD FOOD : There are lesser variety of food to choose in this airline.

2- TUIFLY.

      COMFORT : This airline took pride in their ability to give you an A experience.
        
       ROUTES : This airline cover eight specific route.

 ONBOARD FOOD : There are variety of food to choose in this airline.

3- EOURWINGS.

      COMFORT : This airline took pride in their ability to give you an B experience.
        
       ROUTES : This airline cover two to three specific route.

 ONBOARD FOOD : There are less variety of food to choose in this airline.
