Country = Italy
 
Budget(per month) = $4080
 
Best time to visit = April , May , June , September , October 

                                       
                                                                  ABOUT ITALY :

 Italy, a European country with a long Mediterranean coastline, has left a powerful mark on Western culture and cuisine.
 Italy is considered to be one of the worlds most culturally and economically advanced countries.The country plays a 
 prominent role in regional and global economic, military, cultural and diplomatic affairs

 								  TOP 5 PLACES :

1- COLOSSEUM :

 This huge Amphitheater is the largest of its kind ever built by the Roman Empire and has remained a model for sports facilities
 right up to modern times. Built as a venue for public spectacles and shows, even mock sea battles. The structure stands in stark
 contrast to the modern development that surrounds it and is a prominent reminder of ancient times and the extensive history of Rome.

2- LEANING TOWER OF PISA :

 The world famous Pisa Tower was built over a period of about 177 years. Soon after the construction started in 1173 the tower began
 to sink due to a poorly laid foundation and was left alone for almost a century. When the construction resumed the engineers built 
 higher floors with one side taller than the other to compensate for the tilt and the tower was finally finished in the 2nd half of
 the 14th century. Since 2001, the famous tower in Pisa is again open to those wishing to climb its 296 steps.

3- CATHEDRAL OF SANTA MARIA NASCENTE :

 Milans magnificent Cathedral of Santa Maria Nascente, is one of the worlds largest churches.The Duomo, the Cathedral of Santa Maria
 Nascente, is the most important example of Gothic architecture in Italy.The cathedral roof, constructed from Candoglia marble from 
 Lago Maggiore, too, presented a unique innovation in the construction of cathedrals.  

4- TREVI FOUNTAIN :

 One of the must-see attractions in the city of Rome is the Trevi Fountain. The fountain was constructed in 1762 by Nicola Salvi,
 and it depicts the god Neptune surrounded by underwater creatures in battle. Trevi Fountain is known as a place to throw in a coin
 to secure a return trip to Rome, and throwing two coins can secure a loving relationships with a Roman man or woman. At night, the
 fountain is illuminated, making it a magical and romantic place to visit.

5- LAKE COMO :

 Lake Como is part of the Italian Lake District an area popular with visitors for well over 100 years for its combination of fresh air, water,
 mountains and good weather. The lake is shaped much like an inverted Y, with two branches starting at Como in the south-west and Lecco in the
 south east. The lake is famous for the attractive villas which have been built here since Roman times. Many have admirable gardens which 
 benefit from the mild climate and are able to include tropical as well as temperate plants. 


								OTHER ATTRACTIONS :

1- MOUNT ETNA.

2- SASSI DI MATERA.

3- DOLOMITES.

4- CAPRI.

5- VALLEY OF THE TEMPLES.


						     INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES TO REACH ITALY :

1- AIR ITALY.

        COMFORT : This airline took pride in their ability to give you an A+ experience.
        
         ROUTES : This airline only cover one specific route.

   ONBOARD FOOD : There are variety of food to choose in this airline.

2- AIR DOLOMITI.

        COMFORT : This airline took pride in their ability to give you an B experience.
        
         ROUTES : This airline covers eight specific route.

   ONBOARD FOOD : There are variety of food to choose in this airline.

3- AIR ONE.

        COMFORT : This airline took pride in their ability to give you an A+ experience.
        
         ROUTES : This airline only cover one specific route.

   ONBOARD FOOD : There are lesser variety of food to choose in this airline.
