Country : Turkey
 
Budget(per month) = $840

Best time to visit = May , June

 								ABOUT TURKEY :


 Turkey is friendly, beautiful, culturally rich and good value for money. Also it is modern enough to be comfortable yet
 traditional enough to be interesting. Turkey is one of the world's top 10 travel destinations, welcoming more than 35 
 million visitors every year.Turkey is a wonderful and enriching experience as you discover ancient traditions, a friendly
 Turkish culture, historical sites as well as places and destinations that will make a wonderful
 country for your holidays.


								TOP 5 PLACES :


1- AYA SOFYA :
 
 Renowned as one of the most beautiful buildings in the world, the spellbinding Byzantine glory of the Aya Sofya Museum. 
 It is not only one of the top things to do in Istanbul, but also in Turkey.The staggering bulk of its exterior is rimmed
 by the delicate minarets added after the Ottoman conquest, while the sumptuous and cavernous frescoed interior is a grand
 reminder of old Constantinoples might and power. This famed monument is a must do for every tourist visiting the country.

2- CAPPADOCIA :
 
 The surreal, swooping rock valleys of Cappadocia are every photographers dream. Cliff ridges and hill crests are home to 
 rippling panoramas of wave-like rock or wacky-shaped pinnacles that have been formed by millennia of wind and water action.
 And if you do not feel like hiking for the views, this is one of the worlds top destinations to take a hot air balloon ride. 
 If the lunar scape isn't enough to tempt you, nestled in these valleys are the frescoed rock cut churches of the Byzantine Era, 
 when this area was an important early Christian site.

3- PAMUKKALE :
 
 One of Turkeys most famous natural wonders, the pure white travertine terraces of Pamukkale ("Cotton Castle" in English) cascade 
 down the slope looking like an out of place snowfield amid the green landscape. Although the travertines are themselves a highlight 
 of a Turkey trip, the vast and rambling ruins of Roman Hierapolis, an ancient spa town, lie on the top of this calcite hill, providing 
 another reason to visit.

4- MOUNT NEMRUT :
 
 The top sightseeing drawcard for Eastern Turkey, Mount Nemruts summit funerary mound is scattered with the broken remnants of once 
 mammoth statues, which guarded it. This weird and lonely place has to be one of Turkey's most peculiar archaeological sites. The giant 
 stone heads of long forgotten gods stare out from the summit, casting an eerie atmosphere over the barren mountaintop. The time to come 
 is at sunrise, so you can watch the statues as they loom out of the dark.

5- ASPENDOS :
 
 Just south of Antalya, the jaw-dropping mammoth bulk of the Roman Theater of Aspendos celebrates the pomp and ceremony of 
 Marcus Aurelius rule. Considered the finest surviving example of a classical age theater still standing in the world, it is one of 
 antiquity's star attractions.
 

							      OTHER ATTRACTIONS :


1- PERGAMUM.

2- KABAK BAY.

3- ERZURUM.

4- ANKARA.

5- EPHESUS.


						   INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES TO REACH TURKEY :


1- TURKISH AIRLINES.

        COMFORT : This airline took pride in their ability to give you an A+ experience.
        
         ROUTES : This airline only cover one specific route.

   ONBOARD FOOD : There are variety of food to choose in this airline.

2- ONUR AIR.

        COMFORT : This airline took pride in their ability to give you an B experience.
        
         ROUTES : This airline cover eight specific route.

   ONBOARD FOOD : There are variety of food to choose in this airline.

3- PEGASUS AIRLINES.

        COMFORT : This airline took pride in their ability to give you an A experience.
        
         ROUTES : This airline only cover one specific route.

   ONBOARD FOOD : There are less variety of food to choose in this airline.