Country : United Kingdom

Budget(per month) = $4530

Best time to visit = April , May ,September , October , November 

								ABOUT UNITED KINGDOM :


 The United Kingdoms complex geology gives rise to a wide variety of landscapes and a range of habitats for its animal and plant life.
 United Kingdom is a sovereign country located off the north western coast of the European mainland. It was the world first industrialised
 country and the world foremost power during the 19th and early 20th centuries. The United Kingdom is the birthplace of Shakespeare and The
 Beatles.Endowed with beautiful scenery and landscapes, rich history and cultural diversity, the United Kingdom has made a remarkable mark
 on the map of world history. Once a superpower, the country made a significant contribution on the global scale in terms of its culture, 
 language,literature, music, theater and films. 



								  TOP 5 PLACES :


1- STONEHENGE :

 One of the most famous sites in the world, Stonehenge is composed of earthworks surrounding a circular setting of large standing stones 
 in south west England. It is also home to some of the most important Neolithic and Bronze Age finds and structures in the UK, and contains 
 some 200 scheduled monuments. From about 2500BC, Neolithic and Bronze Age man started to bring Bluestones and Sarsen stones from Wales and 
 the Marlborough Downs. It was not until 1600BC that Stonehenge came to be completed. 
 
2- TOWER OF LONDON :

 The top spot goes to the Tower of London, one of the world's most famous fortresses and home to the priceless Crown Jewels. Built as a 
 royal residence and prison nearly 1,000 years ago, there are some fascinating stories within its walls.

3- SNOWDONIA :

 Snowdonia is an awesome national park. There is simply no other way to describe the stunning 360-degree views of the mountains, valleys and
 coast below. On a clear day, visitors can even see Ireland. Located along the coast of Wales, Snowdonia is home to Snowdon, the highest
 mountain in Wales and England, and the largest lake in Wales. It is the third largest national park in the United Kingdom. 

4- CANTERBURY :

 The citys most famous attraction is Canterbury Cathedral, home of the Archbishop of Canterbury. Now a UNESCO World Heritage Site, this 
 stunning cathedral offers plenty to see, from the intricately carved masonry of its exterior to its magnificent interior, a highlight of 
 which is the beautiful choir with its statues of six English kings.

5- THE GIANTS CAUSEWAY :

 Over in Northern Ireland, the Giants Causeway is one of the most beautiful places in the UK for its natural features. Interlocking basalt
 columns form a dramatic landscape on the coast and give the area a unique and mysterious atmosphere. Myths and legends have sprung up 
 around the Giants Causeway over the centuries




								OTHER ATTRACTIONS :


1- WINDSOR CASTLE.

2- BIBURY.

3- THE JARASSIC COAST.

4- OXFORD.

5- TOWER BRIDGE.


						      INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES TO REACH UNITED KINGDOM :


1- EASTERN AIRWAY.

        COMFORT : This airline took pride in their ability to give you an B experience.
        
         ROUTES : This airline only cover one specific route.

   ONBOARD FOOD : There are less variety of food to choose in this airline.

2- BRITISH AIRWAYS.

        COMFORT : This airline took pride in their ability to give you an A experience.
        
         ROUTES : This airline cover two specific route.

   ONBOARD FOOD : There are variety of food to choose in this airline.

3- VIRGIN ATLANTIS AIRWAYS.

        COMFORT : This airline took pride in their ability to give you an A+ experience.
        
         ROUTES : This airline cover eight specific route.

   ONBOARD FOOD : There are lesser variety of food to choose in this airline. 