Country : United States of America

Budget(per month) = $6720

Best time to visit = May , June , July , August , September

      							ABOUT UNITED STATE OF AMERICA :


 There are many natural monuments in the United States and they are a large tourist venue. Tourism in the United States
 is a large industry that serves millions of international and domestic tourists yearly. The United States of America is
 a North American nation that is the world's most dominant economic and military power. Likewise, its cultural imprint
 spans the world, led in large part by its popular culture expressed in music, movies and television. 


  								TOP 5 PLACES :
 

1- GRAND CANYON :
 
 The Grand Canyon is located in northern Arizona and is one of the great tourist attractions in the United States. 
 Carved over several million years by the Colorado River, The Grand Canyon is not the deepest or the longest canyon 
 in the world but the overwhelming size and its intricate and colorful landscape offers visitor spectacular vistas 
 that are unmatched throughout the world.

2- STATUE OF LIBERTY :
 
 A universal symbol of freedom, the Statue of Liberty is America most familiar icon and the largest statue in the world. 
 Standing in New York Harbor, visitors can admire the statue from various points around the city, particularly Battery Park, 
 or take a ferry right to the statue. For people who plan to go out to the statue, options include grounds tickets, 
 pedestal tickets, or crown tickets, which allow different levels of access to the site. 

3- YELLOWSTONE NATIONAL PARK :
 
 Yellowstone National Park is home to a huge ancient volcano which has resulted in a dramatic landscape and awesome natural phenomena. 
 Geysers and hot springs, along with incredible waterfalls along the Yellowstone River are just some of the attractions drawing in 
 huge numbers of tourists each year. The park, the oldest national park in the USA, is also home to all kinds of wildlife, with 
 free roaming bison, bighorn sheep, antelope, black bears, and grizzly bears.

4- WHITE HOUSE :
 
 The White House is the official residence of the President of the United States, and on almost all tourists list of things 
 to see in Washington. This historic structure has been the home of every president except George Washington. It was originally 
 built by James Hoban in 1792 and, after being burned down by British forces in 1814, was rebuilt in 1818. Tours of the 
 White House are free, but reservations must be made a minimum of three weeks in advance. Strict security rules are always in effect.

5- YOSEMITE NATIONAL PARK :

 In the Sierra Nevada Mountains of California, there is Yosemite National Park. This extraordinary destination is known the
 world over for its amazing scenery. Within this single park, visitors can peer off spectacular granite cliffs, admire clear waterfalls
 and see sequoia trees that are hundreds of years old. Yosemite Valley is a top spot to explore in the park, because it boasts the enormous
 Yosemite Falls as well as the granite monolith called Half Dome.


                                                          OTHER ATTRACTIONS :


1- MOUNT RUSHMOR.

2- BRYCE CANYON NATIONAL PARK.

3- CARLSBAD CAVERNS.

4- KENNEDY SPACE CENTRE.

5- VENICE BEACH.


					       INTERNATIONAL AIRLINES TO REACH USA :


1- ALASKA.

        COMFORT : This airline took pride in their ability to give you an A experience.
        
         ROUTES : This airline only cover one specific route.

   ONBOARD FOOD : There are less variety of food to choose in this airline.

2- UNITED AIRLINES.

        COMFORT : This airline took pride in their ability to give you an A+ experience.
        
         ROUTES : This airline cover two specific route.

   ONBOARD FOOD : There are variety of food to choose in this airline.

3- DELTA AIRLINES.

        COMFORT : This airline took pride in their ability to give you an B experience.
        
         ROUTES : This airline cover eight specific route.

   ONBOARD FOOD : There are lesser variety of food to choose in this airline.
